hello it's Ruby and today I'm showing
you another study with me
this is the work that I did on Wednesday
night so I didn't start work until
quarter to 6:00 this evening just
because I was doing some YouTube editing
before then as soon as I got home from
school I started off my study session by
finishing annotating this poem by Sylvia
Plath
[Music]
then I moved on to finishing these notes
on thermodynamics writing up things that
we learned in today's lesson I tried to
do this after every chemistry lesson
just because it means that I didn't have
to write my notes at the end of the year
[Music]
in philosophy that day we were given a
critical essay to read in class and I
decided to just write up the key points
from the sheet as well as my own
criticisms
next I made a Quizlet and this was for
general World War one contacts because
for English we are during World War one
literature so I just went through all of
the extra projects that I've done
researching the world the First World
War and just read us up into a Quizlet
so that I could actually revise it so
then I moved on to reading this article
which I printed off from the New York
Times about Pitkin Stein and it was
basically just weighing up the merits
and flaws in vacant Stein's work
Buchan Stein is a philosopher that
really intrigues me and so I found this
to be really interesting but I apologize
at this clip is so long I didn't manage
I can't
really speed it up any more to quite
annoying but the actual tasks only took
half an hour but it's a two minute long
clip so I'm sorry about that
[Music]
you
next I decided to write some notes from
Silvia path journals I read these back
in 2015 but I'm deciding to reread them
because as I said in my last video I
believe Plath is one of my favorite
writers so I just went through and kind
of critically assess but also
appreciated just how gorgeous these
entries are and considering that I think
she's about 21 went on in these entries
that I'm reading at the moment it's
actually phenomenal if you haven't read
her journals I strongly urge you to do
so so then I started making a Quizlet on
the thermodynamics notes which I had
written this week for chemistry I didn't
actually end up finishing these because
for some reason I was finding it to be
quite a tiresome task and it was giving
me a bit of a headache so I decided to
actually do a quiz list instead so I
just went through the world war one
Quizlet but right which I had made
earlier in preparation for my English
class the next day this day I finished
work at around 9:25 so thank you for
watching and have a productive week
[Music]